CPU:
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2236 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2166 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2034 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 1930 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2345 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2826 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 3077 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2865 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2504 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2157 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2102 milliseconds
vertex: 18 milliseconds
fragment: 2235 milliseconds
Total time: 35810 milliseconds

GPU w/o opt:
vertex: 4 milliseconds
fragment: 372 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 359 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 359 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 359 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 364 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
Total time: 11382 milliseconds

GPU with sm: 
vertex: 3 milliseconds
fragment: 374 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 359 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 359 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 359 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 359 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 359 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 359 milliseconds
vertex: 0 milliseconds
fragment: 360 milliseconds
Total time: 11442 milliseconds
